Write a separate program to accomplish each of these exercises. Save 
each program with a filename that follows standard Python conventions, 
using lowercase letters and underscores, such as simple_message.py and 
simple_messages.py.
2-1. Simple Message: Store a message in a variable, and then print that 
message.
2-2. Simple Messages: Store a message in a variable, and print that message.
Then change the value of your variable to a new message, and print the new 
message
2-3. Personal Message: Store a person’s name in a variable, and print a message to that person. Your message should be simple, such as, “Hello Eric, 
would you like to learn some Python today?”
2-4. Name Cases: Store a person’s name in a variable, and then print that person’s name in lowercase, uppercase, and titlecase.
2-5. Famous Quote: Find a quote from a famous person you admire. Print the 
quote and the name of its author. Your output should look something like the 
following, including the quotation marks:
Albert Einstein once said, “A person who never made a 
mistake never tried anything new.”
2-6. Famous Quote 2: Repeat Exercise 2-5, but this time store the famous person’s name in a variable called famous_person. Then compose your message 
and store it in a new variable called message. Print your message.
2-7. Stripping Names: Store a person’s name, and include some whitespace 
characters at the beginning and end of the name. Make sure you use each 
character combination, "\t" and "\n", at least once.
Print the name once, so the whitespace around the name is displayed.
Then print the name using each of the three stripping functions, lstrip(), 
rstrip(), and strip()
2-8. Number Eight: Write addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division 
operations that each result in the number 8. Be sure to enclose your operations 
in print statements to see the results. You should create four lines that look 
like this:
print(5 + 3)
Your output should simply be four lines with the number 8 appearing once 
on each line.
2-9. Favorite Number: Store your favorite number in a variable. Then, using 
that variable, create a message that reveals your favorite number. Print that 
message
2-10. Adding Comments: Choose two of the programs you’ve written, and 
add at least one comment to each. If you don’t have anything specific to write 
because your programs are too simple at this point, just add your name and 
the current date at the top of each program file. Then write one sentence 
describing what the program does.
2-11. Zen of Python: Enter import this into a Python terminal session and skim 
through the additional principles
