8-1. Message: Write a function called display_message() that prints one sentence telling everyone what you are learning about in this chapter. Call the 
function, and make sure the message displays correctly.

8-2. Favorite Book: Write a function called favorite_book() that accepts one 
parameter, title. The function should print a message, such as One of my 
favorite books is Alice in Wonderland. Call the function, making sure to 
include a book title as an argument in the function call.

8-3. T-Shirt: Write a function called make_shirt() that accepts a size and the 
text of a message that should be printed on the shirt. The function should print 
a sentence summarizing the size of the shirt and the message printed on it.
Call the function once using positional arguments to make a shirt. Call the 
function a second time using keyword arguments.

8-4. Large Shirts: Modify the make_shirt() function so that shirts are large 
by default with a message that reads I love Python. Make a large shirt and a 
medium shirt with the default message, and a shirt of any size with a different 
message.

8-5. Cities: Write a function called describe_city() that accepts the name of 
a city and its country. The function should print a simple sentence, such as 
Reykjavik is in Iceland. Give the parameter for the country a default value.
Call your function for three different cities, at least one of which is not in the 
default country.

8-6. City Names: Write a function called city_country() that takes in the name 
of a city and its country. The function should return a string formatted like this:
"Santiago, Chile"
Call your function with at least three city-country pairs, and print the value 
that’s returned.

8-7. Album: Write a function called make_album() that builds a dictionary 
describing a music album. The function should take in an artist name and an 
album title, and it should return a dictionary containing these two pieces of 
information. Use the function to make three dictionaries representing different 
albums. Print each return value to show that the dictionaries are storing the 
album information correctly.
Add an optional parameter to make_album() that allows you to store the 
number of tracks on an album. If the calling line includes a value for the number of tracks, add that value to the album’s dictionary. Make at least one new 
function call that includes the number of tracks on an album.

8-8. User Albums: Start with your program from Exercise 8-7. Write a while
loop that allows users to enter an album’s artist and title. Once you have that 
information, call make_album() with the user’s input and print the dictionary 
that’s created. Be sure to include a quit value in the while loop.
