4-1. Pizzas: Think of at least three kinds of your favorite pizza. Store these 
pizza names in a list, and then use a for loop to print the name of each pizza.

•	 Modify your for loop to print a sentence using the name of the pizza 
instead of printing just the name of the pizza. For each pizza you should 
have one line of output containing a simple statement like I like pepperoni 
pizza.

•	 Add a line at the end of your program, outside the for loop, that states 
how much you like pizza. The output should consist of three or more lines 
about the kinds of pizza you like and then an additional sentence, such as 
I really love pizza!



4-2. Animals: Think of at least three different animals that have a common characteristic. Store the names of these animals in a list, and then use a for loop to 
print out the name of each animal.

•	 Modify your program to print a statement about each animal, such as 
A dog would make a great pet.

•	 Add a line at the end of your program stating what these animals have in 
common. You could print a sentence such as Any of these animals would 
make a great pet

4-3. Counting to Twenty: Use a for loop to print the numbers from 1 to 20, 
inclusive.



4-4. One Million: Make a list of the numbers from one to one million, and then 
use a for loop to print the numbers. (If the output is taking too long, stop it by 
pressing ctrl-C or by closing the output window.)



4-5. Summing a Million: Make a list of the numbers from one to one million, 
and then use min() and max() to make sure your list actually starts at one and 
ends at one million. Also, use the sum() function to see how quickly Python can 
add a million numbers.



4-6. Odd Numbers: Use the third argument of the range() function to make a list 
of the odd numbers from 1 to 20. Use a for loop to print each number.



4-7. Threes: Make a list of the multiples of 3 from 3 to 30. Use a for loop to 
print the numbers in your list.



4-8. Cubes: A number raised to the third power is called a cube. For example, 
the cube of 2 is written as 2**3 in Python. Make a list of the first 10 cubes (that 
is, the cube of each integer from 1 through 10), and use a for loop to print out 
the value of each cube.



4-9. Cube Comprehension: Use a list comprehension to generate a list of the 
first 10 cubes
